## Week three: Self-audits and reflective inquiry

Welcome to week three!

This week’s module will focus on analysing classroom talk through systematic observation and coding. We will discuss what we mean by coding, why we use coding, and how to code. This will include examples of coding using the available case studies in the T-SEDA pack as well as a coding exercise to practice, while trading with peers. This module will also include considerations regarding research ethics for conducting classroom inquiries.

**_Facilitators:_** This module will review examples of self-audits of practice for you to lead your colleagues through. This module will also discuss reflective inquiry, the use of a reflective cycle for classroom inquiry and offer specific guidance regarding leading inquiries with a group of practitioners.

**_Inquirers:_** The components of this module that are for the inquirer strand are to review examples of self-audits of practice and familiarise yourselves with the concept of reflective inquiry and the use of a reflective cycle for classroom inquiry. This will include a review of different types of inquiry as well as numerous varied examples and activities to get you thinking about possible points of interests and goals of your own inquiry.

## Focus of the week

Watch the following video for an overview of the week's focus.

Video to go here

Download video transcript.

## Read

This week's reading materials and relevant resources will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

## Do

This week's activities will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

## Discuss

This week's discussion topics will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!
