## Week 6: Continuing the role of facilitator and your inquiries


Welcome to week six, our final week together in this trial!

This week will look at the headway that has been made, answer any of your questions and address concerns, and invite you to share the outcomes or the progress of your learning. 

**_Facilitators:_** This module will discuss how you will continue your role as facilitator in your setting. This will involve a discussion of organisational structures, plans of how to sustain impact in your setting, and short- and medium-term facilitation plans.

**_Inquirers:_** You will be encouraged to continue with your inquiries this week and discuss your progress with other participants. It’s normal for everyone to be at different stages in this process – this week’s module includes many links to additional resources to support you and don’t forget to reach out to one another. Similarly, if your inquiry takes you past the end of the MOOC, that is perfectly reasonable. Everyone will have different lengths - if it’s 2 weeks or 8 weeks, that is completely up to you and what you’ve decided to focus on.

For both facilitators and inquirers, please remember that you don’t need to have a perfect facilitation model or completed reflective inquiry – indeed, there is no perfect standard one of either of these. They’ll look completely different from person to person and so stay focused on what would be helpful for you and your setting.

Please note that the deadline for submitting your learning outputs is now April 10th, 2021.
<br/><br/>
## Focus of the week

Watch the following video for an overview of the week's focus.

The video will be uploaded here on 29-03-2021.

A downloadable video transcript will be uploaded here on 29-03-2021.
<br/><br/>
## Read

This week's reading materials and relevant resources will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!
<br/><br/>
## Do

This week's activities will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

Save the date! Sharing event to take place on Zoom on Wednesday March 31st at 7PM GMT.
<br/><br/>
## Discuss

This week's discussion topics will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://www.edudialogue.org/forum/?foro=signin#038;redirect_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.edudialogue.org%2Fforum%2Fdialogue-mooc-on-dialogue%2F"><i class="fa fa-home"></i> Discussion forum</a>
