## Week three: Self-audits and reflective inquiry

Welcome to week three!

This week will introduce the Teacher Scheme for Educational Dialogue Analysis (T-SEDA) pack in further detail, explore examples of self-audits of practice, and talk about conducting a reflective inquiry.

**_Facilitators:_** This module will review examples of self-audits of practice for you to lead your colleagues through and will also discuss the use of a reflective cycle for classroom inquiry and offer specific guidance regarding leading inquiries with a group (or groups) of practitioners.

**_Inquirers:_** The components of this module that are for the inquirer strand are to review examples of self-audits of practice as well as your answers on the survey you filled out at the beginning of this course and familiarise yourselves with the concept of reflective inquiry and the use of a reflective cycle for classroom inquiry. This will include numerous varied examples and activities to get you thinking about possible points of interests and goals of your own inquiry.
<br/><br/>
## Focus of the week

Watch the following video for an overview of the week's focus.

The video will be uploaded here on 08-03-2021.

A downloadable video transcript will be uploaded here on 08-03-2021.
<br/><br/>
## Read

This week's reading materials and relevant resources will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!
<br/><br/>
## Do

This week's activities will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!
<br/><br/>
## Discuss

This week's discussion topics will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://www.edudialogue.org/forum/?foro=signin#038;redirect_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.edudialogue.org%2Fforum%2Fdialogue-mooc-on-dialogue%2F"><i class="fa fa-home"></i> Discussion forum</a>
