## Week four: Identifying key dialogic features in your setting


Welcome to week four!


**_Facilitators and inquirers:_** This module will focus on analysing classroom talk through systematic observation and coding. We will discuss what we mean by coding, why we use coding, and how to code. This will include examples of coding using the available case studies in the T-SEDA pack as well as a coding exercise to practice. This module will also include considerations regarding research ethics for conducting classroom inquiries.

**Facilitators**, this module will provide an additional focus on leading colleagues through this process, including aiding in their selection of an appropriate analysis and coding method for their inquiries.

**Inquirers**, it would be helpful to come into this week with a firmer understanding of what you want to look at in your individual inquiries.
<br/><br/>
## Focus of the week

Watch the following video for an overview of the week's focus.

The video will be uploaded here on 15-03-2021.

A downloadable video transcript will be uploaded here on 15-03-2021.
<br/><br/>
## Read

This week's reading materials and relevant resources will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!
<br/><br/>
## Do

This week's activities will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

Save the date! Live coding webinar on Saturday, March 20th at 3pm GMT on Zoom.
<br/><br/>
## Discuss

This week's discussion topics will be uploaded shortly! Watch this space!

<a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://www.edudialogue.org/forum/?foro=signin#038;redirect_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.edudialogue.org%2Fforum%2Fdialogue-mooc-on-dialogue%2F"><i class="fa fa-home"></i> Discussion forum</a>
